Added some info to docs for building windows nodes (#526)
kubernetes-sigs/image-builder: docs/book/src/capi/windows/windows.md

| `packer/config/windows/containerd.json` | The version of containerd to install |

## Service Manager

Image-builder provides you two ways to configure windows services. The default is setup using [nssm](https://nssm.cc/) which configures a windows service for kubelet by running `{{ kubernetes_install_path }}\StartKubelet.ps1` allowing easy editing of command arguments in the startup file.  The alternate is to use the windows native [sc.exe](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/sc-config) which uses the kubelet argument `--windows-service` to install kubelet as a native windows service with the command line arguments configured on the service. Nssm handles service restarts, if you are using sc.exe you may wish to configure the service restart options on kubelet. To avoid starting kubelet to early, image-builder sets the kubelet service to *manual* which you should consider changing once the node has joined a cluster.

**Important: sc.exe does not support kubeadm KUBELET_KUBEADM_ARGS which is used by Cluster API to pass extra user args**

## Wins (by rancher)

> As a workaround for the lack of privilidged containers on windows nodes, SIG Windows utilise [Wins](https://github.com/rancher/wins/) to allow pods to run processes on hosts, an example is when you are using kube-proxy or a cni provider in a pod. This means that by default we install wins using image-builder. This may be undesirable, if you do not need pod to have the ability to run processes on the host. To skip installing wins on the host you can add `"wins_url": ""` to your variables.

Reviewer: Maybe link to the privileged kep?  We should also add a sentence that tells users they will be required to install cni and kubeproxy manually on the node. There isn't a great way to do that yet besides using pre/post kubeadm scripts: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/image-builder/issues/518

| `packer/config/windows/kubernetes.json` | The version of Kubernetes to install and it's install path |
| `packer/config/windows/containerd.json` | The version of containerd to install |

## Service Manager

> Image-builder provides you two ways to configure windows services. The default is setup using [nssm](https://nssm.cc/) which configures a windows service for kubelet by running `{{ kubernetes_install_path }}\StartKubelet.ps1` allowing easy editing of command arguments in the startup file.  The alternate is to use the windows native [sc.exe](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/sc-config) which uses the kubelet argument `--windows-service` to install kubelet as a native windows service with the command line arguments configured on the service. Nssm handles service restarts, if you are using sc.exe you may wish to configure the service restart options on kubelet. To avoid starting kubelet to early, image-builder sets the kubelet service to *manual* which you should consider changing once the node has joined a cluster.

Reviewer: should we consider moving the service automatic?  I think I moved it to manual because otherwise there were a bunch of kubelet logs from packer setup.  But we could clean those up...

Author: I'm currently settings this to auto in preKubeadm but yeah we could set it to auto? I think it's worth leaving as long as its pointed out, kubelet does create a bit of noise, but I'm happy either way!

Reviewer: created an issue to track it: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/image-builder/issues/554

**Important: sc.exe does not support kubeadm KUBELET_KUBEADM_ARGS which is used by Cluster API to pass extra user args**

## Wins (by rancher)

> As a workaround for the lack of privileged containers on windows nodes, SIG Windows utilise [Wins](https://github.com/rancher/wins/) to allow pods to run processes on hosts, an example is when you are using kube-proxy or a cni provider in a pod. This means that by default we install wins using image-builder. This may be undesirable, if you do not need pod to have the ability to run processes on the host. Additionally, Alpha support for Windows [Host Processes](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-windows/1981-windows-privileged-container-support), which is the windows equivalent for privileged containers, will be introduced in 1.21 which negates the need for wins entirely. To skip installing wins on the host you can add `"wins_url": ""` to your variables.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a workaround for the lack of privileged containers on windows nodes, SIG Windows utilise [Wins](https://github.com/rancher/wins/) to allow pods to run processes on hosts, an example is when you are using kube-proxy or a cni provider in a pod. This means that by default we install wins using image-builder. This may be undesirable, if you do not need pod to have the ability to run processes on the host. Additionally, Alpha support for Windows [Host Processes](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-windows/1981-windows-privileged-container-support), which is the windows equivalent for privileged containers, will be introduced in 1.22 which negates the need for wins entirely. To skip installing wins on the host you can add `"wins_url": ""` to your variables.  
```

Author: good spot!

> On containerd, due to the way host networking works, there is currently no way to run cni inside a pod so needs to be installed, along with kube-proxy, after the image has been created.  With CAPI, this is done with pre/postKubeadm scripts as the node is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using containerd, due to lack of host networking, there is currently no way to run cni inside a pod.   To work around this, containerd needs to be installed with an additional custom Ansible module or after the image has been created.  With CAPI, the addtional configuration can be done with pre/postKubeadm scripts when the node is created.
```

Author: better wording that my rambling! thank you!
